Scrum Cycle #0:


JAKE
Game Resetting:
User Story: As a user, I should be able to reset the game to its original game-state, so that I can play the game without relaunching the game.


Test Plan:
* Run Game 
* Select “Waves” or “Attack”
* Play Game until Loss or Completion
* Select the same game mode as before
* Verify that the health bar is completely full, enemies and items appear, and the levels increment automatically
* Repeat the last 3 steps
* Repeat steps across both game modes (from waves to attack or vice versa)




Game Mode Removal:
User Story: As a user, I should not be able to access an unfinished game mode, so that I do not waste my time.


Test Plan:
* Run Game
* See if menu has only 2 game modes (“Waves” and “Attack”)
* Go into the “Help” menu and verify that all instructions pertaining to “Server Defense” and “Co-op” are deleted
























Drew
Event Feedback 
Test Plan:
1. Launch Game, and select wave game
2. Take Damage
3. Verify that Damage Indicator appears
4. Collect Pick-up
5. Verify that Pick-up Indicator appears
        User Story:
As a user, I should hear sounds or see visuals that tell me what is happening in the game, so that I can know whether or not I am succeeding.
Instructions Test Plan:


Instructions
        Test Plan:
1. Launch game, and select Instructions
2. Verify that instructions are legible and neat
As a user, I should be able to access and understand the instructions, so that I can figure out how to play the game.(edited)












































Nikolai


Game Elements


User Story: 
As a user, I should be able to distinguish between different game elements in order to understand and play the game successfully.


Test Plan: 
1. Run Game
2. Play Waves and Attack
3. Verify that all aspects of the game match up with what they are supposed to look like


Title/Screen Graphics


User Story: 
As a user, I should be able to interact and navigate the title screen with ease, so that I can start the game without confusion


Test Plan: 
1. Run Game
2. Observe title screen 






































Josh


Enemies Border Bug
        User Story: As a user I should be able to see the enemies staying within the border so I can play the game.


Test Plan 
1.Run the game
2.Pay attention to enemies on the waves were they move off screen.
3Verify enemies no longer go of game border.




Boss Bug 
        User Story: As a user I should be able to fight against the boss and defeat him without bugs during the boss fight.




Test Plan 
1.Run the game 
2.Tap spacebar till on boss level.
3.Verify no more bugs on boss fight level.